The entire RuleMaker application will involve several different pieces to function. However, this document will focus on the
high level design and will produce basic functionalities that I will then be able to pull from when creating this application
piece by piece.

I. The Purpose of the RuleMaker
    1. The RuleMaker is for turning certain repeating or even unique life decisions into simple answers
    based on different variables in a constructed equation. 
    2. The user will use the constructed rules by inserting data that they are aware of and receive an answer from those
    calculations.
II. The Overall User Story or Case of the RuleMaker
    1. The user initiates rule creation.
    2. The user will choose advanced or guided mode.
        a. In advanced, the user will add variables, conditions, and mathematical operators.
        This process when finished will create the formula or rule.
        b. In guided, the user answers questions from the app which builds a formula based on the user's answers.
    3. After the guided process or during it, the user will be able to name the rule and color code it.
    4. The user will be able to create categories of rules for better organization.
    5. The user will search for rules in a search bar based on rule names, rule variables, rule conditions, and categories.
    6. The user will be able to browse the list of rules.
    7. The user will be able to select a rule and view it individually.
    8. The user will be able to edit rule parameters and the rule name.
    9. The user will be able to enter information into the rule and receive the calculated answer.
    10. The user will be able to choose to save that answer.
    11. The user will be able to view past answers from the given formula and their dates of creation.
    12. The user will be able to categorize the past answers in selected folders.
    13. The user will be able to select several answers or a category of answers.
    14. The user will be able to delete those answers and retrieve them from a trash bin if desired.
    15. The user will be able to map the actual result based on whatever metric the answer uses.
    16. The user will be able to perform analysis on the selected group or category of answers to see if it performed as desired.
        a. The application can perform statistical analysis such as regression anaysis to determine how correlated the answers
        are to the actual results.
        b. Application can perform the same analysis to determine the correlation of different variables in the equation.
        c. Application will be able to graph these analyses.
        d. The application, if possible, will give an "accuracy" measure for how close the answer was to the result.
        e. From several analyses, the application can recommend "tweaks" to variables to more accurately predict given results.
        f. The application can also give a robustness measure based on various other measures and testing to see how robust 
        tweaks or current variables are.
        g. Of course, the tweaks can be selectively accepted by the user.

III. The Parts of the RuleMaker
    1. Formula Creator
    2. Formula Store
    3. Formula Calculator
    4. Answer and Results Store
    5. Formula, Answer, and Results Analyzer
    6. Formula Tweaker.
